Update database 8.x (#1933)
PrestaShop/docs: development/database/structure.md

Another file is being used to load data during the install process: `install/data/db_data.sql`. Some versions of PrestaShop do not use it so you might not always find it in the ZIP archive.

## Structure and content updates

### Defining changes

Once PrestaShop is installed, the default structure and content files we saw are not used anymore.

If a new release of PrestaShop must bring changes to the existing database, an update file must be created along the `db_structure.sql` update.

> This SQL file will be stored in the [auto upgrade](https://github.com/PrestaShop/autoupgrade/tree/dev/upgrade/sql) module in the folder `/upgrade/sql/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SQL file will be stored in the [update assistant](https://github.com/PrestaShop/autoupgrade/tree/dev/upgrade/sql) module in the folder `/upgrade/sql/`.
```
